# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

I really don't have any complaints about how this first week went. By the time that we went to work on our capstone today, I found myself surprised by the amount that I had learned. Being in class this weed definitely paid off and I was approaching our project today with confidence. I think that is what went most well this week. I am confident that I will be able to learn a lot from this process and I am even more excited about it than what I was before. 

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?

I think that I was shocked by how relevant css still is after starting to use bootstrap. I was afraid earlier in the week that when we started to use bootstrap, that the need to continue to learn how to use css would decrease. This was not the case however and I was shocked to see how relevant css still is. Being able to use bootstrap effectively relies heavily on understanding css.

- What are you struggling with?

The thing I am struggling most with so far is manipulating pictures in css. I have such a hard time manipulating them to fill containers properly without distorting and selecting the right section of the image when it has to change scale to fit a container. I think brushing up on that this weekend could be beneficial for future projects. 

- What would you count as a victory?

I think that the progress that I made on the mock website this afternoon was the biggest victory. I was nearly completed by the time class ended and I surprised myself with how much I had learned since monday. There is still a few things to polish up but I am really satisfied with my progress on that project. 